= fabricator

Developed by 
Steffen Egelund Jensen
Software designer
Lenio A/S - www.lenio.dk

== DESCRIPTION:

This gem can generate a scaffold flex application based on PureMVC Multicore using the pipes utility abstracted by the fabrication framework.
The initial application will be generated based on custom project name, title, src folder and package. Plus will include two modules:
an authentication module and a dashboard module. It is intended that the gem in the future will be able to add new scaffold modules integrated with the application. 
New commands, proxies etc.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:
	

== SYNOPSIS:
Generate PureMVC Multicore with pipes application abstracted by the Fabrication framework
-Install and run 
  pureapp AppName org.my.custom.package 'app title'
-Import flex project in Flex Builder
-After compile run
  AppNameShell.mxml

Generate module
cd AppName
ruby script/generate pure_module ModuleName 
i.e. ruby script/generate pure_module Address -> results in AddressModule.mxml plus generated code for the new module.

== REQUIREMENTS:

rubygems, ruby

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install fabricator

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Steffen Egelund Jensen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.